# House-Rental-Management-Systsem
Our Project HOUSE RENTAL MANAGEMENT We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. With the current paradigm shift in technological field, there is an urgent need to embrace and appreciate the power of technology.   Housing sector remains vigilant to face the challenges of change by employing a newstrategy that facilitates easy management of rental houses. Hence there is need to develop a rental house management system that can simplify work for the rental managers so that all their workcan be efficient and effective. To get information about how rental houses are currentlybeing managed, I prepared questionnaires and submitted them to a number of rental house managers and from the information   I gathered I realized all work was done manually with a lot of paper work involved. Papers can easily get damaged or get lost leading to loss of data. It is also expensive to keep on buying files to store your records. A lot of files make a place look untidy and also consume a lot of space.   Getting a certain file to check data from many files becomes a difficult task. Considering those facts, I decided to develop a rental house management system that can solve all the problems experienced with the current manual system. The system was developed in such manner that it provides maximum userfriendly interface.  Once you the user logs in the system automatically show three forms: houses form, rent payment form and tenants‟registration form. Each form has several command buttons; new,save, cancel,delete, next, previous and exit. With the command buttons you can manipulate the database.  If you want to add data to the database all you need to do is to click on new then inputdata in the textboxes provided then click save and the data will automatically be saved. If you want to view data in the database you just click next or previous and the data will be displayed foryou.   When you click delete you will be able to delete a recordthat you desire. You may enter data then decide to cancel it, it is simple click on cancel and it will be canceled.For manager faced with management difficulties here is a perfect solution for you. The rental house management system is made for you.
